  v5.1.1-v5.2 — Qflow Cloud        

*   [Qflow](https://qflowbpm.com/es/)
*   [Foro](https://forum.qflowbpm.com/)
*   [Centro de Ayuda](https://qflowbpm.com/es/centro-de-ayuda/)
*   [Contáctanos](https://qflowbpm.com/es/contacto/)

[Qflow](index.html)

Cloud (latest) 5.5 OnPremise (latest) 5.2 OnPremise 5.1.1 OnPremise

English Español

selectElement('versionSelect', getVersion()); selectElement('languageSelect', getLanguage()); function selectElement(id, valueToSelect) { let element = document.getElementById(id); element.value = valueToSelect; } function getLanguage() { if (window.location.href.includes('/es/')) { return '/es/'; } else { return '/en/'; } } function getVersion() { if (window.location.href.includes('/qflowcloud/')) { return '/qflowcloud/'; } else if (window.location.href.includes('/qflow5\_1\_1/')) { return '/qflow5\_1\_1/'; } else if (window.location.href.includes('/qflow5\_2/')) { return '/qflow5\_2/'; } else { return '/qflow5\_5/'; } } function redirectToSite(url) { var http = new XMLHttpRequest(); http.onreadystatechange = function() { if (http.readyState === 4) { if (http.status !== 404) { window.location.href = url; } else { window.location.href = url.replace(url.substr(url.lastIndexOf('/') + 1), 'index.html'); } } } http.open('HEAD', url, true); http.send(); }

  

Home

*   [News](29-ReleaseNote.html)
*   [Introduction to Qflow](01-QflowIntroduction.html)
*   [Tutorials](TutorialsIndex.html)
*   [Qflow Task](04-QflowTask.html)
*   [Qflow Design](15-QflowDesign.html)
*   [Qflow Team](18-QflowTeam.html)
*   [Qflow Admin](19-QflowAdmin.html)
*   [Q-points usage](21-Q-pointsConsumption.html)
*   [Connectors](34-ConnectorsIndex.html)
*   [Developers](31-Development.html)

[Qflow](index.html)

*   [](index.html)
*   v5.1.1-v5.2

- - -

# v5.1.1-v5.2[](#v5-1-1-v5-2 "Link to this heading")

## Migration considerations from Qflow 5.1.1[](#consideraciones-de-migracion-desde-qflow-5-1-1 "Link to this heading")

### Method signature change in Flow and Attachment controllers[](#cambio-en-la-firma-de-metodos-en-los-controladores-flow-y-attachment "Link to this heading")

In version 5.2 several Flow and Attachment controller signatures were changed to asynchronous calls. In this way, instead of returning a T object, a Task<T> object will be returned. Special care must be taken if custom forms were developed. All the references to these methods may need some adjustment.

The list of changed methods in the Flow controller is the following:

*   Start
    
*   Edit
    
*   DisplayTask
    
*   StartFlow
    
*   StartFlowAndGetSimpleData
    
*   EditFlow
    
*   RespondTask
    

The list of changed methods in the Attachment controller is the following:

*   UploadAttachment
    
*   AddFlowAttachment
    
*   Download
    

### Unified session across sites[](#sesion-unificada-en-los-sitios "Link to this heading")

In version 5.2 of Qflow, sites can have a unified session, meaning that when a user logs in to Qflow Design and has permissions in Qflow Team, accessing Qflow Team goes directly to the home page without going through the login. If you want to avoid this behavior on some sites, you simply have to add two appsettings to the corresponding web.config file.

These are:

*   UseUnifiedSession: if you don’t want to use it, it must have the value ‘false’
    
*   OwinCookieName: this is the name of the cookie that will be used by the site, it can be assigned any value other than the unified session cookie value (QflowAuth). For example: QflowDesignerAuth, QflowTeamAuth, etc.
    

### New system parameters[](#nuevos-parametros-de-sistema "Link to this heading")

Some system parameters have been added in this version that change the behavior of Qflow. The value of each of these should be reviewed to verify that everything works correctly.

The parameters are the following:

*   QflowBPMWebLink/QflowOMMLink/QflowSAMWebLink/QflowWebSiteLink: These parameters must be adjusted to the urls used by the different Qflow tools. Without them, the navigation between sites that can be found in the right section of the headers will not work correctly.
    
*   NotifyUserOnCreation: If this parameter is True, Qflow will send a welcome message to the mail box of the created user.
    
*   UserWelcomeLink: It is the link that is sent to new users if the NotifyUserOnCreation parameter is enabled. If you want to use it, it must be adjusted to the url of the desired site. It is recommended to use the Qflow Access url.
    
*   Logo/LogoLightVersion/TaskMiniLogo/TaskLogo: Different parameters corresponding to the tools logos have been added. Now the ‘Logo’ parameter corresponds to the Qflow logo and will be shown in the login of each tool, as well as in the upper left part of Qflow Access. If you want to change the Qflow Task logo, now you must change the TaskLogo parameter.
    

- - -

© Copyright 2025, Urudata Software.

jQuery(function () { SphinxRtdTheme.Navigation.enable(true); }); window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || \[\]; function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);} gtag('js', new Date()); gtag('config', 'G-LMDS8S4B42', { 'anonymize\_ip': false, });