  Microsoft Teams — Qflow Cloud          

*   [Qflow](https://qflowbpm.com/es/)
*   [Foro](https://forum.qflowbpm.com/)
*   [Centro de Ayuda](https://qflowbpm.com/es/centro-de-ayuda/)
*   [Contáctanos](https://qflowbpm.com/es/contacto/)

[Qflow](index.html)

Cloud (latest) 5.5 OnPremise (latest) 5.2 OnPremise 5.1.1 OnPremise

English Español

selectElement('versionSelect', getVersion()); selectElement('languageSelect', getLanguage()); function selectElement(id, valueToSelect) { let element = document.getElementById(id); element.value = valueToSelect; } function getLanguage() { if (window.location.href.includes('/es/')) { return '/es/'; } else { return '/en/'; } } function getVersion() { if (window.location.href.includes('/qflowcloud/')) { return '/qflowcloud/'; } else if (window.location.href.includes('/qflow5\_1\_1/')) { return '/qflow5\_1\_1/'; } else if (window.location.href.includes('/qflow5\_2/')) { return '/qflow5\_2/'; } else { return '/qflow5\_5/'; } } function redirectToSite(url) { var http = new XMLHttpRequest(); http.onreadystatechange = function() { if (http.readyState === 4) { if (http.status !== 404) { window.location.href = url; } else { window.location.href = url.replace(url.substr(url.lastIndexOf('/') + 1), 'index.html'); } } } http.open('HEAD', url, true); http.send(); }

  

Home

*   [News](29-ReleaseNote.html)
*   [Introduction to Qflow](01-QflowIntroduction.html)
*   [Tutorials](TutorialsIndex.html)
*   [Qflow Task](04-QflowTask.html)
*   [Qflow Design](15-QflowDesign.html)
*   [Qflow Team](18-QflowTeam.html)
*   [Qflow Admin](19-QflowAdmin.html)
*   [Q-points usage](21-Q-pointsConsumption.html)
*   [Connectors](34-ConnectorsIndex.html)
    *   [Configuring Connectors from a Service Task](35-ConnectorParameterConfig.html)
    *   [Microsoft Teams](#)
        *   [Introduction](#introduccion)
        *   [Application parameter](#parametro-de-aplicacion)
        *   [Actions](#acciones)
    *   [Outlook](36.2-OutlookConnector.html)
    *   [Slack](36.3-SlackConnector.html)
    *   [Trello](36.4-TrelloConnector.html)
    *   [OpenAI](36.5-OpenAIConnector.html)
    *   [Jira Cloud](36.6-JiraCloudConnector.html)
    *   [Redmine](36.7-RedmineConnector.html)
    *   [DocuSign](36.8-DocuSignConnector.html)
    *   [Google Calendar](36.9-GoogleCalendarConnector.html)
    *   [Dropbox](36.11-DropboxConnector.html)
    *   [OneDrive](36.12-OneDriveConnector.html)
    *   [WhatsApp](36.13-WhatsAppTwilioConnector.html)
    *   [Microsoft Word](36.14-MicrosoftWordConnector.html)
    *   [ILovePDF](36.15-ILovePDFConnector.html)
*   [Developers](31-Development.html)

[Qflow](index.html)

*   [](index.html)
*   [Connectors](34-ConnectorsIndex.html)
*   Microsoft Teams

- - -

# Microsoft Teams[](#microsoft-teams "Link to this heading")

## Introduction[](#introduccion "Link to this heading")

The purpose of this manual is to detail how to configure and integrate Qflow with Microsoft Teams to allow interaction between both platforms, allowing Qflow to publish messages in Microsoft Teams channels.

Microsoft Teams has the following actions:

*   [Publish in channel](#id2)
    

## Application parameter[](#parametro-de-aplicacion "Link to this heading")

To establish the connection, it is necessary to have at least one **application parameter** (see [Application parameters](15-QflowDesign.html#parametros-de-aplicacion)) that allows communication between Qflow and Microsoft Teams. This parameter can be created from the service task configuration in Qflow, where it is also used to establish communication between Qflow and Microsoft Teams. (see [Connector Configuration from a Service Task](35-ConnectorParameterConfig.html))

To create a Microsoft Teams application parameter, follow the steps below.

### Application parameter using a Webhook[](#parametro-de-aplicacion-utilizando-un-webhook "Link to this heading")

This type of application parameter requires the following:

*   **Webhook url**: This is the url with which Qflow must communicate to send messages to Microsoft Teams. To obtain it, follow this [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook#create-an-incoming-webhook).
    

The Webhook is an url that allows an application to send messages to a specific channel in Microsoft Teams. If you want to send messages to different channels, you must create different Webhooks for each one.

Once the steps are completed, it will be possible to use Microsoft Teams with Qflow using the created application parameter.

## Actions[](#acciones "Link to this heading")

It is possible to perform the following actions with Microsoft Teams:

### Post to channel[](#id1 "Link to this heading")

This option allows sending messages to a Microsoft Teams channel. The channel to which the message will be sent is determined by the Webhook used.

|     |     |
| --- | --- |Table 1 Inputs[](#id2 "Link to this table")  
| Input | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Message | **Required.** Text of the message you want to send to the Microsoft Teams channel. |

[Previous](35-ConnectorParameterConfig.html "Configuring Connectors from a Service Task") [Next](36.2-OutlookConnector.html "Outlook")

- - -

© Copyright 2025, Urudata Software.

jQuery(function () { SphinxRtdTheme.Navigation.enable(true); }); window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || \[\]; function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);} gtag('js', new Date()); gtag('config', 'G-LMDS8S4B42', { 'anonymize\_ip': false, });